Updates to SNS spec (#478)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/tracing-instrumentation-aws.md

### SNS (AWS Simple Notification Service)

The AWS Simple Notification Service can be instrumented using the [messaging spec](tracing-instrumentation-messaging.md),
but the only action that is instrumented is [Publish](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/API_Publish.html). These specifications supersede those of the messaging spec:

> - `span.name`: The span name should follow this pattern: `SNS PUBLISH to <TOPIC-NAME>`. For example,
> `SNS PUBLISH to MyTopic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `span.name`:
    - For a publish action including a `TopicArn`, the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to $topicName`. For example, for a TopicArn of `arn:aws:sns:us-east-2:123456789012:My-Topic` the topicName is `My-Topic`. (Implementation note: this can extracted with the equivalent of this Python expression: `topicArn.split(':').pop()`.)
    - For a publish action including a `TargetArn` (an endpoint ARN created via [CreatePlatformEndpoint](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/API_CreatePlatformEndpoint.html)), the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to $applicationName`. For example, for a TargetArn of `arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:endpoint/GCM/gcmpushapp/5e3e9847-3183-3f18-a7e8-671c3a57d4b3` the applicationName is `endpoint/GCM/gcmpushapp`. The endpoint UUID represents a device and mobile app. For manageable cardinality, the UUID must be excluded from the span name. (Implementation note: this can be extracted with the equivalent of this Python expression: `targetArn.split(':').pop().rsplit('/', 1)[0]`)
    - For a publish action including a `PhoneNumber`, the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to [PHONENUMBER]`. The actual phone number MUST NOT be included because it is [PII](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_data) and cardinality is too high. 
- **`span.action`**: 'publish'
```

(from discussion on https://github.com/elastic/apm/pull/421)

### SNS (AWS Simple Notification Service)

The AWS Simple Notification Service can be instrumented using the [messaging spec](tracing-instrumentation-messaging.md),
but the only action that is instrumented is [Publish](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/API_Publish.html). These specifications supersede those of the messaging spec:

- `span.name`:

>     - For a publish action including a `TopicArn`, the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to $topicName`. For example, for a TopicArn of `arn:aws:sns:us-east-2:123456789012:My-Topic` the topicName is `My-Topic`. (Implementation note: this can extracted with the equivalent of this Python expression: `topicArn.split(':').pop()`.)
>     - For a publish action including a `TargetArn` (an endpoint ARN created via [CreatePlatformEndpoint](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/API_CreatePlatformEndpoint.html)), the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to $applicationName`. For example, for a TargetArn of `arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:endpoint/GCM/gcmpushapp/5e3e9847-3183-3f18-a7e8-671c3a57d4b3` the applicationName is `endpoint/GCM/gcmpushapp`. The endpoint UUID represents a device and mobile app. For manageable cardinality, the UUID must be excluded from the span name. (Implementation note: this can be extracted with the equivalent of this Python expression: `targetArn.split(':').pop().rsplit('/', 1)[0]`)
>     - For a publish action including a `PhoneNumber`, the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to [PHONENUMBER]`. The actual phone number MUST NOT be included because it is [PII](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_data) and cardinality is too high. 
> - **`span.action`**: 'publish'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For a publish action including a `TopicArn`, the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to <topic-name>`. For example, for a TopicArn of `arn:aws:sns:us-east-2:123456789012:My-Topic` the topic-name is `My-Topic`. (Implementation note: this can extracted with the equivalent of this Python expression: `topicArn.split(':').pop()`.)
    - For a publish action including a `TargetArn` (an endpoint ARN created via [CreatePlatformEndpoint](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/API_CreatePlatformEndpoint.html)), the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to <application-name>`. For example, for a TargetArn of `arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:endpoint/GCM/gcmpushapp/5e3e9847-3183-3f18-a7e8-671c3a57d4b3` the application-name is `endpoint/GCM/gcmpushapp`. The endpoint UUID represents a device and mobile app. For manageable cardinality, the UUID must be excluded from the span name. (Implementation note: this can be extracted with the equivalent of this Python expression: `targetArn.split(':').pop().rsplit('/', 1)[0]`)
    - For a publish action including a `PhoneNumber`, the span name MUST be `SNS PUBLISH to [PHONENUMBER]`. The actual phone number MUST NOT be included because it is [PII](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_data) and cardinality is too high. 
- `span.action`: 'publish'
```

Formatting tweaks, e.g. to use `<this-style>` for template vars which is more typical in the rest of the specs.
